# DH 150 assignment02: Usability testing by Nadia Pandey

## Link to your online survey [here](https://forms.gle/nLCm5j1wg1DmyyGKA)

## Link to your pilot UT video [here](https://drive.google.com/a/g.ucla.edu/file/d/1qA_br4APqlevFhHUgeL1-BbHWQROUznY/view?usp=drivesdk)

## Reflection:

## Purpose of UT, how & what I want to test especially based on the findings of heuristic evaluation

Usability Testing (UT) can inform the effectiveness, efficiency and satisfaction of the product – in this case, the Magic Piano Tiles 4 application. Based on the findings of heuristic evaluation, this app seems to assume that the user has a prior knowledge of how to play the game. Therefore, it is extremely important to see what a new user would look for, what may confuse them, and what they may like as a new user. All of this information is important in order to assess what to keep or change in the app. Additionally, the app gives a brief one sentence description about how to play the game. I want to find out if a new user is able to spot the “how to play” instructions and if they find it helpful. Lastly, advertisement can be very annoying and interruptive when playing the game. I want to see if the user can spot the exit sign when an advertisement pops open and if that will distract them from the game. To test all of these, I made the survey questions with a set of instructions that guide the user step by step on how they should play the game and what features they should select in order to test the different metrics of the game. I also asked them for their satisfaction level and the difficulty in playing the game, all of which should help me understand what needs to entirely change in the application and what could be improved for a better user experience. 

## What I learned during the pilot test, what went well and what went not so well, and how I want to improve my UT in the future

During the pilot test, I learned the frustrations a user can experience while using the app. As stated in the heuristic evaluation, the app seemed more suitable for expert gamers. This hypothesis was confirmed during the Usability Testing as the user had to rely on his instincts and was confused about how to play the game. The user also did not like the amount of advertisements the game forces a player to watch. While it is true that the game is free and advertisement is a way for the creators to earn income for their hard work, excessive advertisements only take away from the game as the user in this pilot testing was more than willing to exit the app and find another game. The instructions on how to play were also very hard to read as the screen automatically changes after 5 seconds or less. I believe that the game itself, once the user figured out how to play it, was entertaining, but all the poor design choices of not having a help button, save button, pause button and the excessive advertisements as previously discussed took away from the fun of the game. The pilot testing went well as the user spoke aloud every thought he had during the test. He told me what would have worked better during the test and what was helpful for him. I asked him if he had any questions about what we were doing and he asked me for clarification while conducting the test. Even though the pilot testing itself went well, in the future I would want to add more questions such as “what 3 things would you recommend could improve this game?” to the survey as I believe that would be useful for the improvement of the app. However, the user talking a lot and me reading questions for him was very helpful for the UT. 
