# Project design challenge + target user:

Main activity for this project is to see what makes the user download specific apps and what they look for while playing it so that I can build a game app for games that speaks to the games needs and desires. The basic need involved for this activity is a phone, a comfortable living room space of the user so that they feel relaxed while playing the game and a phone where they can download the game. Traditionally, gamers have had to play a video game on devices such as Xbox or other similar devices where they are stuck in once place and do not have as much mobility due to the wires. With digital technology, they are able to play similar games to those on Xbox right on their phone. This means that they are no longer restricted on where to sit, but they have more mobility. The user must be from a game community. I prefer the user to have certain knowledge that would make them understand what they like or do not like in a game so that we understand what a game that speakers to the users’ needs looks like. The user would do the activity in their living room where they are comfortable and are able to play the game without being nervous or second guessing. Doing this activity in the living room will also tell us how a user is using a product in their own environment. The user will go to the application store where they will pick and download games they like on the phone that is provided to them. When I say phrases such as “show up,” or “tell me about,” the user will play the “Master” role and inform me on the game and its usability.

#	Research methods and plan:

I plan to use the Participatory observation/ethnographic field research method where I am visiting the place where the user lives and shadowing them, interviewing them, and asking users to download a play a game they would like from the application store. Doing this will help me understand what the user likes/does not like, their verbal expressions and their facial cues. I will act as an apprentice and the user will be play the role of the master during this interaction. In doing so, I will be able to learn from the user and see realistic ways in which I could improve mobile game apps and how game apps can better fit the users’ needs, wants and instincts. I will ask the user some questions that will be in the interview guide. I will use phrases such as “show me,” or “tell me,” in order to let them guide me and not the other way around. I will also be recording the user so that I can go back and review the audio for further research. The location will be in the user’s living room so that they are comfortable, and it is in the place where the user mostly places games. I will observe the user picking a game app from the phone and he will guide me and tell me what he looks for, enjoys, likes, does not like while playing the game. I will also observe any facial distress in my notes if the user gets uncomfortable during the process. Again, this will be a face to face user interaction where the user will play the game while I observe, audio record, and learn from them user.

#	Link to interview/observation guide: (step4) 
#	Digitized notes (scan/photo) and upload your data to github
#	Link to your representative data file(s) (step5)
#	Link to the transcript your interview (or meaningful dialogues/ talk-alouds during observation) 
#	Reflection
